Add user documentations (#17)
arcnmx/MPD: doc/plugins.rst

     - The Tidal "audioquality" parameter. Possible values: HI_RES, LOSSLESS, HIGH, LOW. Default is HIGH.

.. _decoder_plugins:

youtube-dl
----------

Play URLs supported by `youtube-dl <http://ytdl-org.github.io/youtube-dl/>`_.

> By default, it plays http/https URLs from ``youtu.be``, ``www.youtube.com``,
> ``soundcloud.com``, and ``www.twitch.tv``. To play other URLs, prepend ``ytdl://``
> in front of it.

Reviewer: So I think it'd be good to include examples for both modes of use, something more like...

```suggestion
This plugin can play links from YouTube directly. To play songs from other supported sites, prepend ``ytdl://`` in front of the URL.

.. code-block:: none

   mpc add https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=saDmN2f3HI0
   mpc add ytdl://https://www.twitch.tv/monstercat

```

If you want to be fancy, make `supported sites` an inline link there?

Also let's try to not be explicit about the whitelist sites, since they may change. I think the only one right now that we want to promise is youtube.com
